feat(boilerplate): maestro in favor of detox (#2388)
infinitered/ignite: docs/Guide.md

### Testing

> Ignite is preconfigured to have [Maestro](https://maestro.mobile.dev/) and Jest.

Author: There is no real configuration since it's an external install, should we remove this note about maestro here?

Reviewer: I think leaving a note about needing to install Maestro on your machine or CI would be warranted here

```suggestion
Ignite is preconfigured to use Jest for unit tests.

Ignite includes samples of UI end-to-end tests using [Maestro](https://maestro.mobile.dev/). See their docs on [Installing Maestro](https://maestro.mobile.dev/getting-started/installing-maestro) to run the flows.
```
